CSCB58 Project Report: Winter 2020

Team Member A
-------------
First Name: Tony
Last Name: Attalla
Student Number: 10039774158
UofT E-mail Address: tony.attalla@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member B
-------------
First Name: Alexander
Last Name: Greff
Student Number: 1004254497
UofT E-mail Address: alex.greff@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member C (Optional)
-------------
First Name: Anton
Last Name: Kaminsky
Student Number: 1004431992
UofT E-mail Address: anton.kaminsky@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member D (Optional)
-------------
First Name: Chedy
Last Name: Sankar
Student Number: 1004174895
UofT E-mail Address: chedy.sankar@mail.utoronto.ca



Project Plan
--------

Project Title: DE2Pac Synthesizer


Provide a one paragraph description of your project:

DE2Pac is a basic Synthesizer that will allow the user to create sounds from two oscillator sources and configure modulations to specific parameters using an ADSR envelope.
If time permitted, we will also include a fitler module that the oscillators can be routed to. 
A basic UI will be displayed on the VGA out, showing the user the current state of the synthesizer as well as their current selections.
The user will be able to select the current module (oscillator A, oscillator B, envelope, filter, etc) and the current parameter (oscillator A => wave, oscillator A => volume, etc) using the switches on the DE2 board.
The user then can configure the value for the selected parameter using switches or the analog input (certain parameters like oscillator volume and panning will allow this while others like octave and semitone will not).
The user then can apply and store the value using a key.

What is your plan for the first week?


What is your plan for the second week?


What is your plan for the third week?


What is your backup plan if things don’t work out as planned?



Weekly Reports
--------------
<In this space, provide a report each week of what worked and what didn't, and what (if any) changes were made to your proposal)>


[This is an example of a report where things didn't go so well.]
Week 1: 
	We added and tested the sensors and the main FSM. 
	The distance sensor we had intended to use didn't work as expected (wasn't precise enough at further distances, only seems to work accurately within 5-10cm), so instead we've decided to change the project to use a light sensor instead.
	Had trouble getting the FSM to work (kept getting stuck in state 101, took longer to debug than expected), so we may not be able to add the high score feature. We have updated that in the project description as an optional feature.



References
----------
<In this space clearly indicate all external sources used in this project. If you used anyone else's code (from previous B58 projects or other sources) clearly indicate what you used and where you found it. Usage of any material not credited in this space will be considered plagiarism. It is absolutely OK and expected to update this section as you progress in the projected.>

<Make sure to document what YOU added on top of the existing work, especially if you work with a previous project. What is it that YOU added?>


Repo & Video
------------
<At the end of the project, provide links to your code repository and presentation video (and passwords if not public>

